the great thing about what we're showing
at e3 is it the first time people will
have seen all of the improvements were
making from house phone
like the major thing that we've done for
me too is that we've put all our changes
out in front of the player we're going
to be showing it behind the closed doors
demo a lot of people that actually can
be able to put their hands on it and
play it this demo is going to really
show people what we're trying to achieve
with mass bacterial it is instantly a
better feeling better playing game
you're seeing big action you're gonna be
seeing great digital acting you see
great story the number one thing that we
were shooting board mass effect 2 was
intensity while weapons I mean we had
quite a few in the first game we're
gonna have a heavy weapon system we need
something that when you hit somebody you
kill em a thousand times we made a ton
of combat improvements in mass effect 2
everything from the field of combat to
the AI grabbing their arms blow parts of
them off shoot out their legs rather
they'll crawl they'll jump over objects
and will hit the ground it's a much more
action high intensity kind of combat you
know sometimes you sure that's not too
much we wanted the story to be a lot
more intense a lot more sense of risk
the tone you know it's just a darker
story develop much darker camera styles
color palettes lighting techniques that
just comes through into writing the toe
and the music you're going to do some
you know really challenging areas
somewhat of a Wild West warlords crime
gangs we're going to go to some places
that you know are fun to do but mask
you're actually going to see new alien
species we've developed the models a lot
better they hold up to close ups a lot
better we looked at the old game and a
new lighting in a new game on characters
and it was night and day was just it was
if you killed off one of the characters
from the first game you're not going to
see them in the second game so your
choices actually carried through what
they're gonna see isn't pretty shocking
stuff even beyond the issue of whether
or not Commander Shepard is dead we're
gonna tell you and show you what's gonna
happen in mass effect two